Ruler: add option to skip writing result to ingesters (#9060)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

# group runtime duration must exceed 50.0% of the evaluation interval.
# CLI flag: -ruler.independent-rule-evaluation-concurrency-min-duration-percentage
[independent_rule_evaluation_concurrency_min_duration_percentage: <float> | default = 50]

> # (experimental) False to disable writing the result of rule evaluation to

Author: Exactly, setting to false will disable...

> # (experimental) False to disable writing the result of rule evaluation to

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifying! I suggested a small update.

> # ingesters. This option can be used for testing purposes.

Author: Done in https://github.com/grafana/mimir/pull/9060/commits/6d956e50586c11bf16a8015cf9ca6d2a19660693

> # ingesters. This option can be used for testing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# (experimental) Writes the results of rule evaluation to
# ingesters. Use this option for testing purposes. To disable, set to `false`.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/grafana/mimir/pull/9060/commits/407ec7da36aa06b3cd9ed0627bb40daa9cb82e1a
